The Modern Mathematics of Deep Learning
inf and sup - infimum and supremum - fancy names for greatest lower bound (abbreviated as GLB) and least upper bound (or LUB).
a measurable function is a function between the underlying sets of two measurable spaces that preserves the structure of the spaces
in general topology, compactness is a property that generalizes the notion of a subset of Euclidean space being closed (i.e., containing all its limit points) and bounded (i.e., having all its points lie within some fixed distance of each other).
a Banach space is a complete normed vector space
1.1
psuedometric space - has indistinguishable points.
frobenious norm - looks like a generalization of distance norm.
Sobolev-Slobodeckij, Lebesgue, and measure spaces -  places whee the norms behave as expected.
fourier transform - maps functions of time to functions of frequency.
tempered di+stribution - looks like something that does not grow too fast at infinity in all directions (at most polynomial or moderate/tempered growth).
1.2
def 1.1 - looks like F is not a function - just a subset of M(X,Y)
def 1.2 - the "1" is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indicator_function
rem 1.3  The measure μ is called σ-finite if X is the countable union of measurable sets with finite measure.
suprisal - Interpreting log-likelihood as "support" or negative surprisal (the degree to which an event supports a given model: a model is supported by an event to the extent that the event is unsurprising, given the model)
def 1.4 - realization, observation, or observed value, of a random variable is the value that is actually observed (what actually happened).
affine linear map = preserves lines and parallelism (but not necessarily distances and angles)
rem 1.5 - highly non-injective = highly not one to one.
lemma 1.1 has another "1" and yf(x): 1(−∞,0)(E[Y |X]f(X))
1.2.1
lipschitz-regular function - limited in how fast it can change.
1.2.2
theorem 1.14 - In probability theory, an event is said to happen almost surely (sometimes abbreviated as a.s.) if it happens with probability 1 (or Lebesgue measure 1).[1][2] In other words, the set of possible exceptions may be non-empty, but it has probability 0. The concept is analogous to the concept of "almost everywhere" in measure theory. 
theorem 1.15
a null set N is a set that can be covered by a countable union of intervals of arbitrarily small total length.
closure - a closed set is one that contains all of it's limit points.
what is "C" in Then it holds that C(K) ⊂ cl(Fe)?
dense - a subset A of a topological space X is called dense (in X) if every point x in X either belongs to A or is a limit point of A; that is, the closure of A constitutes the whole set X.
dual space - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_space
Riesz–Markov–Kakutani representation theorem relate
s linear functionals on spaces of continuous functions on a locally compact space to measures in measure theory.
(this is getting pretty hard to follow)
1.3
Ridge regression is a method of estimating the coefficients of multiple-regression models in scenarios where independent variables are highly correlated.




















 
